Task statement:
1. Implement sorting in C++ for an array of objects in
accordance with the option.
2. Overload the comparison operators (&gt;, & lt;, & gt;=, & lt;=) to compare objects.
3. The input data for sorting the array must be read from
external sources: a text file, an MS Excel file, MS Access, data
from a DBMS (any one to choose from).
4. Select 7-10 data sets for sorting with dimensions from 100 and more.
Detect (programmatically) the sorting time by each algorithm. Use the
obtained points to plot graphs of the dependence of the sorting time
from the dimension of the array for each of the sorting algorithms on the same
coordinate axis. Make a conclusion about in which case, which of the methods
is better to use. Graphs can be built in any of the application
programs (MS Excel, Matlab, MathCad, etc.).
5. Make a report containing the title page, the program code with
the specifications of each method and detailed comments, graphs
sorting speeds and conclusions.
c) Sorting by simple inserts;
d) Shaker-sorting
3) An array of accounting data: Full name of the employee, position, department,
monthly salary (comparison by fields - employee's full name, salary)


Формулировка задания:
1. Реализовать на языке С++ сортировки для массива объектов в
соответствии с вариантом.
2. Перегрузить операторы сравнения (&gt;, &lt;, &gt;=, &lt;=) для сравнения объектов.
3. Входные данные для сортировки массива обязательно считывать из
внешних источников: текстовый файл, файл MS Excel, MS Access, данные
из СУБД (любое на выбор).
4. Выбрать 7-10 наборов данных для сортировки размерности от 100 и более.
Засечь (программно) время сортировки каждым алгоритмом. По
полученным точкам построить графики зависимости времени сортировки
от размерности массива для каждого из алгоритмов сортировки на одной
оси координат. Сделать вывод о том, в каком случае, какой из методов
лучше применять. Графики можно строить в любой из прикладных
программ (MS Excel, Matlab, MathCad и т.д.).
5. Сделать отчет, содержащий титульный лист, код программы со
спецификациями каждого метода и подробными комментариями, графики
скоростей сортировок и выводы.

в) Сортировка простыми вставками;
г) Шейкер-сортировка
3) Массив данных бухгалтерии: ФИО служащего, должность, подразделение,
месячная зарплата (сравнение по полям - ФИО служащего, зарплата)

